.TH "Circal::PseudoRotatedSequence" 3 "21 Feb 2008" "Version 0.1" "CircalPP" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
Circal::PseudoRotatedSequence \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <PseudoRotatedSequence.h>\fP
.PP
Inherits \fBCircal::RotatedSequence\fP.
.PP
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBPseudoRotatedSequence\fP (const bpp::Sequence *a)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual \fB~PseudoRotatedSequence\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual unsigned int \fBsize\fP () const "
.br
.RI "\fIGet the number of elements in the list. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual int \fBgetValue\fP (unsigned int pos) const   throw (bpp::IndexOutOfBoundsException)"
.br
.RI "\fIGet the element at position 'pos' as an int. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual string \fBgetChar\fP (unsigned int pos) const   throw (bpp::IndexOutOfBoundsException)"
.br
.RI "\fIGet the element at position 'pos' as a character. \fP"
.in -1c
.PP
.RI "\fBProvide direct access to the list content.\fP"
.br
\fBWarning:\fP
.RS 4
These operators allow you to modifiy the list content. No alphabet checking is performed for your modifications, so use with care, or consider using the setContent() method. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
.in +1c
.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual const int & \fBoperator[]\fP (unsigned int i) const "
.br
.RI "\fIOperator [] overloaded for quick access to a character in list. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual int & \fBoperator[]\fP (unsigned int i)"
.br
.RI "\fIOperator [] overloaded for quick access to a character in list. \fP"
.in -1c
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
Definition at line 28 of file PseudoRotatedSequence.h.
.SH "Constructor & Destructor Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "Circal::PseudoRotatedSequence::PseudoRotatedSequence (const bpp::Sequence * a)"
.PP
Definition at line 25 of file PseudoRotatedSequence.cpp.
.SS "Circal::PseudoRotatedSequence::~PseudoRotatedSequence ()\fC [virtual]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 30 of file PseudoRotatedSequence.cpp.
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "unsigned int Circal::PseudoRotatedSequence::size () const\fC [virtual]\fP"
.PP
Get the number of elements in the list. 
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
The number of sites in the list. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 33 of file PseudoRotatedSequence.cpp.
.PP
Referenced by Circal::PseudoCircularAlignmentFactory::BacktrackingSmithWaterman(), Circal::PseudoCircularAlignmentFactory::BacktrackingSmithWatermanAffin(), Circal::PseudoCircularAlignmentFactory::ForwardRecursionSmithWaterman(), Circal::PseudoCircularAlignmentFactory::ForwardRecursionSmithWatermanAffin(), getChar(), getValue(), and Circal::MatrixHelper::InitScoreMatrix3DWith().
.SS "int Circal::PseudoRotatedSequence::getValue (unsigned int pos) const  throw (bpp::IndexOutOfBoundsException)\fC [virtual]\fP"
.PP
Get the element at position 'pos' as an int. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIpos\fP The position of the character to retrieve. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Reimplemented from \fBCircal::RotatedSequence\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 38 of file PseudoRotatedSequence.cpp.
.PP
References size().
.PP
Referenced by Circal::PseudoCircularAlignmentFactory::BacktrackingSmithWaterman(), and Circal::PseudoCircularAlignmentFactory::BacktrackingSmithWatermanAffin().
.SS "string Circal::PseudoRotatedSequence::getChar (unsigned int pos) const  throw (bpp::IndexOutOfBoundsException)\fC [virtual]\fP"
.PP
Get the element at position 'pos' as a character. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIpos\fP The position of the character to retrieve. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Reimplemented from \fBCircal::RotatedSequence\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 47 of file PseudoRotatedSequence.cpp.
.PP
References size().
.PP
Referenced by Circal::PseudoCircularAlignmentFactory::BacktrackingSmithWaterman(), Circal::PseudoCircularAlignmentFactory::BacktrackingSmithWatermanAffin(), Circal::PseudoCircularAlignmentFactory::ForwardRecursionSmithWaterman(), and Circal::PseudoCircularAlignmentFactory::ForwardRecursionSmithWatermanAffin().
.SS "const int & Circal::PseudoRotatedSequence::operator[] (unsigned int i) const\fC [virtual]\fP"
.PP
Operator [] overloaded for quick access to a character in list. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIi\fP The position to retrieve. 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
The integer value of character at position i. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Reimplemented from \fBCircal::RotatedSequence\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 66 of file PseudoRotatedSequence.cpp.
.SS "int & Circal::PseudoRotatedSequence::operator[] (unsigned int i)\fC [virtual]\fP"
.PP
Operator [] overloaded for quick access to a character in list. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIi\fP The position to retrieve. 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
The integer value of character at position i. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Reimplemented from \fBCircal::RotatedSequence\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 71 of file PseudoRotatedSequence.cpp.

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for CircalPP from the source code.
