.TH "Circal::Output" 3 "24 Feb 2008" "Version 0.1" "CircalPP" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
Circal::Output \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <Output.h>\fP
.PP
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBOutput\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual \fB~Output\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "std::string \fBSequencePrettyPrint\fP (bpp::Sequence *A)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "std::string \fBAlignmentPrettyPrint\fP (\fBAlignment\fP *aln)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "std::string \fBScoreMatrixPrettyPrint\fP (const bpp::Sequence *A, const bpp::Sequence *B, const \fBScoreMatrix\fP &D)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "std::string \fBAdjacenceMatrixPrettyPrint\fP (const \fBBoolMatrix\fP &G)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "std::string \fBTCoffeeLibHeader\fP (const bpp::VectorSequenceContainer *input)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "std::string \fBTCoffeeAlignFormat\fP (\fBAlignment\fP *aln, const bpp::VectorSequenceContainer *input)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "std::string \fBTCoffeeLibFooter\fP (void)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "std::string \fBTCoffeeLibFormat\fP (\fBAlignment\fP *aln, const bpp::VectorSequenceContainer *input)"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
Definition at line 39 of file Output.h.
.SH "Constructor & Destructor Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "Circal::Output::Output ()"
.PP
Definition at line 33 of file Output.cpp.
.SS "Circal::Output::~Output ()\fC [virtual]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 37 of file Output.cpp.
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "std::string Circal::Output::SequencePrettyPrint (bpp::Sequence * A)"
.PP
Definition at line 94 of file Output.cpp.
.PP
Referenced by AlignmentPrettyPrint().
.SS "std::string Circal::Output::AlignmentPrettyPrint (\fBAlignment\fP * aln)"
.PP
Definition at line 65 of file Output.cpp.
.PP
References Circal::Alignment::get_Score(), and SequencePrettyPrint().
.PP
Referenced by Circal::MultiplePseudoCircularAlignmentFactory::GotohalignMultiple(), and Circal::MultiplePseudoCircularAlignmentFactory::NMWalignMultiple().
.SS "std::string Circal::Output::ScoreMatrixPrettyPrint (const bpp::Sequence * A, const bpp::Sequence * B, const \fBScoreMatrix\fP & D)"
.PP
Definition at line 42 of file Output.cpp.
.SS "std::string Circal::Output::AdjacenceMatrixPrettyPrint (const \fBBoolMatrix\fP & G)"
.PP
Definition at line 81 of file Output.cpp.
.SS "std::string Circal::Output::TCoffeeLibHeader (const bpp::VectorSequenceContainer * input)"
.PP
Definition at line 152 of file Output.cpp.
.PP
References TCoffeeLibFooter().
.PP
Referenced by doAllignment(), and TCoffeeLibFormat().
.SS "std::string Circal::Output::TCoffeeAlignFormat (\fBAlignment\fP * aln, const bpp::VectorSequenceContainer * input)"
.PP
Definition at line 106 of file Output.cpp.
.PP
References Circal::Alignment::get_offsetA(), and Circal::Alignment::get_offsetB().
.PP
Referenced by doAllignment(), and TCoffeeLibFormat().
.SS "std::string Circal::Output::TCoffeeLibFooter (void)"
.PP
Definition at line 174 of file Output.cpp.
.PP
Referenced by doAllignment(), and TCoffeeLibHeader().
.SS "std::string Circal::Output::TCoffeeLibFormat (\fBAlignment\fP * aln, const bpp::VectorSequenceContainer * input)"
.PP
Definition at line 133 of file Output.cpp.
.PP
References TCoffeeAlignFormat(), and TCoffeeLibHeader().
.PP
Referenced by doAllignment().

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for CircalPP from the source code.
