.TH "Circal::MatrixHelper" 3 "8 Feb 2008" "Version 0.1" "CircalPP" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
Circal::MatrixHelper \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <MatrixHelper.h>\fP
.PP
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBMatrixHelper\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual \fB~MatrixHelper\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBScoreMatrix\fP \fBInitializeScoreMatrixDistances\fP (const bpp::Sequence *A, const bpp::Sequence *B, const \fBScoringModel\fP *scoreM)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBScoreMatrix\fP \fBInitScoreMatrixWith\fP (const bpp::Sequence *A, const bpp::Sequence *B, const double &init)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBBoolMatrix\fP \fBCreateAdjacenceGraph\fP (\fBAlignment\fP *pairWiseAlignments, uint biggestSequenceSize)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBCutRowFromTo\fP (\fBScoreMatrix\fP *D, const uint &start, const uint &end)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBCutColumnFromTo\fP (\fBScoreMatrix\fP *D, const uint &start, const uint &end)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "double & \fBSearchMinimumPosition\fP (const \fBScoreMatrix\fP *M, int &i, int &j, double &minScore, const \fBScoringModel\fP *scoreM)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBSearchMinimuminlastRow\fP (const \fBScoreMatrix\fP *M, const \fBScoringModel\fP *scoreM)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBSearchMinimuminlastColumn\fP (const \fBScoreMatrix\fP *M, const \fBScoringModel\fP *scoreM)"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
Definition at line 37 of file MatrixHelper.h.
.SH "Constructor & Destructor Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "Circal::MatrixHelper::MatrixHelper ()"
.PP
Definition at line 28 of file MatrixHelper.cpp.
.SS "Circal::MatrixHelper::~MatrixHelper ()\fC [virtual]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 32 of file MatrixHelper.cpp.
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "\fBScoreMatrix\fP Circal::MatrixHelper::InitializeScoreMatrixDistances (const bpp::Sequence * A, const bpp::Sequence * B, const \fBScoringModel\fP * scoreM)"
.PP
Definition at line 72 of file MatrixHelper.cpp.
.PP
References InitScoreMatrixWith(), Circal::ScoringModel::ScoreOfGapExtend(), and Circal::ScoringModel::ScoreOfGapOpen().
.PP
Referenced by Circal::Alignment::NeedlemanWunschAlignment().
.SS "\fBScoreMatrix\fP Circal::MatrixHelper::InitScoreMatrixWith (const bpp::Sequence * A, const bpp::Sequence * B, const double & init)"
.PP
Definition at line 95 of file MatrixHelper.cpp.
.PP
Referenced by Circal::MetaCircularAlignment::GotohAlignment(), Circal::Alignment::GotohAlignment(), and InitializeScoreMatrixDistances().
.SS "\fBBoolMatrix\fP Circal::MatrixHelper::CreateAdjacenceGraph (\fBAlignment\fP * pairWiseAlignments, uint biggestSequenceSize)"
.PP
Definition at line 104 of file MatrixHelper.cpp.
.SS "void Circal::MatrixHelper::CutRowFromTo (\fBScoreMatrix\fP * D, const uint & start, const uint & end)"
.PP
Definition at line 35 of file MatrixHelper.cpp.
.SS "void Circal::MatrixHelper::CutColumnFromTo (\fBScoreMatrix\fP * D, const uint & start, const uint & end)"
.PP
Definition at line 52 of file MatrixHelper.cpp.
.SS "double & Circal::MatrixHelper::SearchMinimumPosition (const \fBScoreMatrix\fP * M, int & i, int & j, double & minScore, const \fBScoringModel\fP * scoreM)"
.PP
Definition at line 167 of file MatrixHelper.cpp.
.PP
References Circal::ScoringModel::BestOfTwo(), SearchMinimuminlastColumn(), and SearchMinimuminlastRow().
.PP
Referenced by Circal::Alignment::BacktrackingGotoh().
.SS "int Circal::MatrixHelper::SearchMinimuminlastRow (const \fBScoreMatrix\fP * M, const \fBScoringModel\fP * scoreM)"
.PP
Definition at line 130 of file MatrixHelper.cpp.
.PP
References Circal::ScoringModel::BestOfTwo().
.PP
Referenced by SearchMinimumPosition().
.SS "int Circal::MatrixHelper::SearchMinimuminlastColumn (const \fBScoreMatrix\fP * M, const \fBScoringModel\fP * scoreM)"
.PP
Definition at line 149 of file MatrixHelper.cpp.
.PP
References Circal::ScoringModel::BestOfTwo().
.PP
Referenced by SearchMinimumPosition().

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for CircalPP from the source code.
