.TH "Circal::VertebrateMitochondrialGenomeAlphabet" 3 "24 Feb 2008" "Version 0.1" "CircalPP" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
Circal::VertebrateMitochondrialGenomeAlphabet \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <VertebrateMitochondrialGenomeAlphabet.h>\fP
.PP
Inherits \fBCircal::GenomeAlphabet\fP.
.PP
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBVertebrateMitochondrialGenomeAlphabet\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBVertebrateMitochondrialGenomeAlphabet\fP (const \fBScoringModel\fP *scm)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual \fB~VertebrateMitochondrialGenomeAlphabet\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "unsigned int \fBgetSize\fP () const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "unsigned int \fBgetNumberOfTypes\fP () const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBgetUnknownCharacterCode\fP () const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "std::string \fBgetAlphabetType\fP () const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBisUnresolved\fP (int state) const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBisUnresolved\fP (const string &state) const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBconvertModeltoAlphabet\fP (const \fBScoringModel\fP *scm)"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
Definition at line 30 of file VertebrateMitochondrialGenomeAlphabet.h.
.SH "Constructor & Destructor Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "Circal::VertebrateMitochondrialGenomeAlphabet::VertebrateMitochondrialGenomeAlphabet ()"
.PP
Definition at line 26 of file VertebrateMitochondrialGenomeAlphabet.cpp.
.SS "Circal::VertebrateMitochondrialGenomeAlphabet::VertebrateMitochondrialGenomeAlphabet (const \fBScoringModel\fP * scm)\fC [explicit]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 30 of file VertebrateMitochondrialGenomeAlphabet.cpp.
.PP
References convertModeltoAlphabet().
.SS "Circal::VertebrateMitochondrialGenomeAlphabet::~VertebrateMitochondrialGenomeAlphabet ()\fC [virtual]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 36 of file VertebrateMitochondrialGenomeAlphabet.cpp.
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "unsigned int Circal::VertebrateMitochondrialGenomeAlphabet::getSize () const"
.PP
Definition at line 39 of file VertebrateMitochondrialGenomeAlphabet.cpp.
.SS "unsigned int Circal::VertebrateMitochondrialGenomeAlphabet::getNumberOfTypes () const"
.PP
Definition at line 44 of file VertebrateMitochondrialGenomeAlphabet.cpp.
.PP
Referenced by isUnresolved().
.SS "int Circal::VertebrateMitochondrialGenomeAlphabet::getUnknownCharacterCode () const"
.PP
Definition at line 49 of file VertebrateMitochondrialGenomeAlphabet.cpp.
.SS "string Circal::VertebrateMitochondrialGenomeAlphabet::getAlphabetType () const"
.PP
Definition at line 54 of file VertebrateMitochondrialGenomeAlphabet.cpp.
.SS "bool Circal::VertebrateMitochondrialGenomeAlphabet::isUnresolved (int state) const"
.PP
Definition at line 59 of file VertebrateMitochondrialGenomeAlphabet.cpp.
.PP
References getNumberOfTypes().
.PP
Referenced by isUnresolved().
.SS "bool Circal::VertebrateMitochondrialGenomeAlphabet::isUnresolved (const string & state) const"
.PP
Definition at line 64 of file VertebrateMitochondrialGenomeAlphabet.cpp.
.PP
References isUnresolved().
.SS "void Circal::VertebrateMitochondrialGenomeAlphabet::convertModeltoAlphabet (const \fBScoringModel\fP * scm)"
.PP
Definition at line 70 of file VertebrateMitochondrialGenomeAlphabet.cpp.
.PP
References Circal::ScoringModel::constitEnd(), Circal::ScoringModel::constitStart(), and Circal::ScoringModel::GetModelSize().
.PP
Referenced by VertebrateMitochondrialGenomeAlphabet().

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for CircalPP from the source code.
